-: Welcome back.
In this step,
whatever the objects we have created,
we are going to delete them.
So using kubectl delete, we can delete them.
And using kubectl get all,
we can get all the objects
present in the default namespace, right?
So I'll say
kubectl
get all.
So which will provide all the objects present
in the default namespace.
So which is nothing,
but I have my part, my first part.
And I also have the service my first service,
my first service two,
and then my first service three, right?
So now let's go ahead and then delete one after the other.
Kubectl
delete
and then pod
and then pod name is
my first pod.
So I can type it
and my
pod got deleted.
In the same way,
we can go ahead and then delete
services, svc,
and
my first service,
and two,
and then three.
So now if you say kubectl get all,
you'll only see plus try p service of Kubernetes.
Rest all got deleted.
So that's about the cleanup.
So I'll see you in the next lecture with the ReplicaSets.
Until then, bye bye.
Thank you.